doc/nrf/app_dev/dfu: prefer nrfutil over nrfjprog (#20956)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/config_and_build/output_build_files.rst

| File                                 | Description                                                                                            | Programming scenario                                                                |
+======================================+========================================================================================================+=====================================================================================+
| :file:`zephyr.hex`                   | Default full image.                                                                                    | * Programming board targets with :ref:`NSPE <app_boards_spe_nspe>` or single-image. |

> |                                      | In a project with multiple images, several :file:`zephyr.hex` files are generated, one for each image. | * Testing DFU procedure with nrfutil (programming directly to device).              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                      | In a project with multiple images, several :file:`zephyr.hex` files are generated, one for each image. | * Testing DFU procedure with nRF Util (programming directly to device).             |
```

|                                      | ``zephyr`` is the value of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_KERNEL_BIN_NAME`.                                   |                                                                                     |
|                                      | The file is located in the :file:`build/<your_application_name>/zephyr` directory.                     |                                                                                     |
+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| :file:`merged.hex`                   | The result of merging all HEX files for all images for a specific core                                 | * Programming multi-core application.                                               |

> |                                      | In multi-core builds, several :file:`merged_<core>.hex` fields                                         | * Testing DFU procedure with nrfutil (programming directly to device).              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                      | In multi-core builds, several :file:`merged_<core>.hex` fields                                         | * Testing DFU procedure with nRF Util (programming directly to device).             |
```

|                                      | Can also be used standalone for a single-image DFU.                                                    |                                                                                     |
|                                      | Contains the signed version of the application.                                                        |                                                                                     |
|                                      | This file is transferred in the real-life update procedure, as opposed to HEX files                    |                                                                                     |

> |                                      | that are transferred with nrfutil when emulating an update procedure.                                  |                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                      | that are transferred with nRF Util when emulating an update procedure.                                 |                                                                                     |
```

|                                      | Can also be used standalone for a single-image DFU.                                                    |                                                                                     |
|                                      | Contains the signed and encrypted version of the application.                                          |                                                                                     |
|                                      | This file is transferred in the real-life update procedure, as opposed to HEX files                    |                                                                                     |

> |                                      | that are transferred with nrfutil when emulating an update procedure.                                  |                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                      | that are transferred with nRF Util when emulating an update procedure.                                 |                                                                                     |
```
